---
title: 	Nota bene --- help needed!
link: 	https://annotatedtmg.org#notabene
---

I'm still working hard on this: you can see the
[changelog](https://annotatedtmg.org/changelog.html) or subscribe to the [RSS
feed](https://annotatedtmg.org/tmg-rss.xml) if you'd like to see what's been
happening recently. However, I'm having to slow down of late.

I'm no less devoted to this project, but already I've been forced to slow how
rapidly I can respond to emails, update pages, and annotate albums, even those
I truly love. I'm sorry to all of you who have emailed and have had to wait
for weeks or months: as I hope you discovered, I do promise to get back to
you, I just am not as swift as I once was.

If you'd like to support the project, I'd love your help --- and patience ---
more than ever. I always love [hearing from
you](https://annotatedtmg.org/about.html#contact), but particularly if you're
interested in transcribing songs which lack lyrics, annotating albums which
haven't been annotated, emailing me to keep me in the loop on things I may
have missed, and so on. All of that helps a lot, believe it or not, and I'm
grateful for all of it.

If you look on [the index](https://annotatedtmg.org), you can see what needs
to be done: as mentioned above, dashes (-) are unannotated, plusses (+) are
unannotated and untranscribed. If any of it excites you, I'd love to have your
contributions. The site is written in
[kramdown](https://kramdown.gettalong.org), a simple Markdown-based language
--- as an example, you can see what this looks like
[here](https://annotatedtmg.org/nfj.txt) as the source for [Nothing for
Juice](https://annotatedtmg.org/nfj.html) --- and you don't have to do the
markup yourself if that's intimidating. I'm sorry that I'm fastidious, slow,
and check everything myself, but every email is appreciated, and your help
will make a bigger difference than ever (particularly on the new material,
which I can't follow as closely as I used to).

You can always reach me at:

{% capture email %}
<span style="unicode-bidi:bidi-override; direction: rtl;">gro.gmtdetatonna@toor</span>
{% endcapture %}
[{{ email }}](mailto:{{ 'root@annotatedtmg.org' | encode_email }})

And buttons are always available.

with love &c.
