---
title: 	Redefining the Annotated Mountain Goats
link: 	https://annotatedtmg.org#redefining-tamg
---

We have been blessed with enormous, impossibly vast amounts of incredible
music from the Mountain Goats. I still love their music as much as I did when
I first heard the band in the mid-2000s, and as when I started the Annotated
Mountain Goats in 2012. This project is now nearly a hundred pages of densely
referenced writing, containing thousands of footnotes. I'm deeply grateful to
everyone who has written me to help with annotations, correct errors, offer
feedback, and ask for buttons. It's been a true pleasure.

Whenever I go back to listen to the music I first fell in love with, I feel
the inspiration and desire to understand that prompted this website in the
first place. The band has always been dynamic, and this decade has seen more
change than most. Matt Douglas joined the group, adding woodwinds to their
sound, and Goths marked the first Mountain Goats release without the primary
influence of John's guitar. These acoustic changes continued through In League
with Dragons, albeit differently. John's been clear that these new directions
are important for him and the band, and he intends to leave the past
well-enough alone. I can't have anything but respect for that desire to tread
new creative ground.

More important than these superficial changes to sound are the deeper,
thematic and emotional tones that have slowly but critically changed over the
years. After the band left the immediacy of the boombox, there has been a
gradual shift away from the emotional urgency and rawness of the early years.
It's not that the band hasn't continued to sing about the abandoned, lonely,
suffering, and intoxicated souls that have always been their focus. But at
least to me, it no longer grabs my heart like it once did. Perhaps that's just
the instrumentation and stylistic changes, John's maturation, or my aging with
the band.

I personally suspect it has more to do with the increasing abstraction of and
distance from suffering. Recent releases focus increasingly on nostalgia
rather than the immediate and present moment, and I feel like a viewer much
more than the participant I once did. Whether it's professional wrestling,
goth, Dungeons and Dragons, or even the earlier hints of this direction in
Transcendental Youth, Heretic Pride, and Get Lonely, the band seems to be
looking back in time for inspiration, and as they find their new way, they
become something to love and nourish for other people than me. I send them
nothing but fondness and luck as they move on.

So, the Annotated Mountain Goats is being redefined. Rather than chase after
a band that no longer calls me as they once did, hoping for some renewal that
I would once again crave, I am focusing on the music I've always loved and
always wanted to explore. As the cutoff, I am choosing Beat the Champ, the
last album that felt to me to be contiguous with the music I have been
passionate about for the last two decades. This site will no longer include
releases from 2017 onwards, beginning with Goths. Should you wish to pursue
these, please [let me know](../about.html#contact) and I would love to link to
and support your efforts. The only exceptions to this will be when newer work
shines an important light on music from the preceding era specifically.

My hope is that this allows me to be reinvigorated by this project, open up
space for new fans to explore the music they love, and make the incredibly
daunting task of rigorously approaching John's complex and wonderful music
much more feasible by at least defining its borders.

So let's go back and listen to some phenomenal albums. If you get to the
record player before me, will you save me a seat?
