---
title: 	The Annotated Mountain Goats returns
link: 	https://annotatedtmg.org#return-of-tamg
---

Hello! It's really good to see you.

Thank you tremendously for all of the kind words and thoughts over the past
year. When I took the site down last May, I was shocked that it was noticed
and truly heartwarmed to hear the kind words people had for the website. I
appreciate each and every one of you that reached out to make sure all was
well. I missed having the site available and I feel joy hosting it again.

The site is back up to stay for as long as I am able to do so. I love this
band deeply and for as long as there is a community that benefits from the
analyses here, I want them to be available. I took the site down to reshape my
presence online; as that is now done, I don't foresee any interruptions in the
future.

It's now almost a decade since I started this project, and my life has taken
quite a few twists and turns. I've moved onto other endeavors, and while I
anticipate tinkering with the site, major updates will probably be rare.
Please do [contact me](about.html#contact) with edits, suggestions, and
requests to contribute --- I always love hearing from you. But changes will be
slow.

Several fans have asked about forking the website to continue the project in a
more actively-maintained fashion. I'm supportive of the idea. In the near
future, I intend to publish the source as a git repository so that you can
clone, edit, build, and host the site locally or to more easily incorporate it
into your own project. This will also allow for easier contributions to the
site in the form of pull requests, at least for those somewhat familiar with
git workflow. When ready, I'll post more information here.

In the meantime, if you'd like your own offline copy of the website, one
method is to use [wget](about.html#download) or another archival tool of your
choice. The Internet Archive is helpful, but has never captured the site fully
or accurately.

Thank you all for your care, friendship, and feedback. I'm glad to be back on
the air.
