---
title: 	Archival of the Annotated Mountain Goats
link: 	https://annotatedtmg.org#archival
---

I think everybody knew this was coming except me. I am sad to say that it is
time for me to archive the Annotated Mountain Goats. Further edits to these
pages are unlikely, although anything is possible.

In the past few months, I've had some incredible changes to my life. New
adventures are taking me in wild directions, nearly entirely offline. It's now
time to make room for the next era of my life, which means relieving myself of
the strange burden I gave myself to complete this impossible project. I intend
to keep it hosted as long as I can and I may even edit it from time to time,
though I no longer have any expectation of myself to do so.

It's been an absolute joy being part of the Mountain Goats community for such
formative years of my life. I view this work, flawed and strange as it is, as
my gift to that community. Please feel free to take from it as you see fit;
the [git repository][repo] is intended to facilitate this. If you like, I
appreciate being credited when you do so by linking back to this site.

Please do feel free to reach out. I love hearing from readers and fellow fans.
My response time is very likely to improve now that I'm not editing the site.
Previously, I felt a responsibility to incorporate patches, feedback, and
edits, which was an increasingly difficult task and led me to sit on emails
for ages. Hopefully you will now find that to be less of the case. You can
reach me using the contact information [here](about.html#contact).

Thank you all for all the shows, fun, connection, and community. John, you
know how much you and your music means to me; it has been a deep and precious
gift in my life. Thank you, more than I can ever express. I love you all.

[repo]: https://github.com/annotatedtmg/annotatedtmg
